docs/agent_in_multi_namespace.md, before:

---
copyright:
years: 2022 - 2023
lastupdated: "2023-10-19"

title: "Multi-namespace for cluster agent"

parent: Agent (anax)
nav_order: 21
---
# Overview

Open Horizon supports two types of Edge cluster agents: cluster scope and namespace scope. 

- Cluster agent with **cluster scope** has permission to deploy and manage cluster service in all namespaces inside the Kubernetes cluster. Only one agent with cluster scope can be installed per Kubernetes cluster.

- Cluster agent with **namespace scope** only has permission to deploy and manage cluster service within its own namespace. one or multiple namespce-scoped cluster agents can be installed per Kubernetes cluster. Each cluster agent will need to be installed into its own namespace. 

**Note**: It is not supported to install both **cluster-scoped** agent and **namespace-scoped** agent into same Kubernetes cluster.

## Install Namespace Scoped Agent

After configured the edge cluster (see [here](./cluster_install.md)) run `agent-install.sh` with `--namespace <namespace-to-install-agent>` and `--namespace-scoped`

**Note**: `--namespace` is equivilant to environment variable `AGENT_NAMESPACE`
    
```bash
./agent-install.sh -D cluster -i anax: -c css: -k css: --namespace <namespace-to-install-agent> --namespace-scoped
```

Commit message:

Issue 4333: Update front matter in documentation files
Signed-off-by: Joe Pearson <joe.pearson@us.ibm.com>

docs/agent_in_multi_namespace.md, after:

---
copyright: Contributors to the Open Horizon project
years: 2022 -2025
title: Multi-namespace for cluster agent
description: Documentation for Overview
lastupdated: 2025-05-03
nav_order: 21
parent: Agent
---
# Overview

Open Horizon supports two types of Edge cluster agents: cluster scope and namespace scope. 

- Cluster agent with **cluster scope** has permission to deploy and manage cluster service in all namespaces inside the Kubernetes cluster. Only one agent with cluster scope can be installed per Kubernetes cluster.

- Cluster agent with **namespace scope** only has permission to deploy and manage cluster service within its own namespace. one or multiple namespce-scoped cluster agents can be installed per Kubernetes cluster. Each cluster agent will need to be installed into its own namespace. 

**Note**: It is not supported to install both **cluster-scoped** agent and **namespace-scoped** agent into same Kubernetes cluster.

## Install Namespace Scoped Agent

After configured the edge cluster (see [here](./cluster_install.md)) run `agent-install.sh` with `--namespace <namespace-to-install-agent>` and `--namespace-scoped`

**Note**: `--namespace` is equivilant to environment variable `AGENT_NAMESPACE`
    
```bash
./agent-install.sh -D cluster -i anax: -c css: -k css: --namespace <namespace-to-install-agent> --namespace-scoped
```
